Docs: Update references to github/codeql-go (#9243)
github/codeql: docs/codeql/codeql-for-visual-studio-code/setting-up-codeql-in-visual-studio-code.rst

   This ensures that the queries and libraries you write in VS Code also work in the query console on LGTM Enterprise.

   If you prefer to add the CodeQL queries and libraries to an :ref:`existing workspace <existing-workspace>` instead of the starter workspace, then you should

>    clone the appropriate branch of the `general CodeQL repository <https://github.com/github/codeql>`__ and add it to your workspace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   clone the appropriate branch of the `CodeQL repository <https://github.com/github/codeql>`__ and add it to your workspace.
```

.. _starter-workspace:

Using the starter workspace
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
The starter workspace is a Git repository. It contains:

> * The `repository of CodeQL libraries and queries <https://github.com/github/codeql>`__ all supported languages. This is included as a submodule, so it can be updated without affecting your custom queries.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* The `repository of CodeQL libraries and queries <https://github.com/github/codeql>`__ for all supported languages. This is included as a submodule, so it can be updated without affecting your custom queries.
```

> * The `repository of CodeQL libraries and queries <https://github.com/github/codeql>`__ all supported languages. This is included as a submodule, so it can be updated without affecting your custom queries.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* The `repository of CodeQL libraries and queries <https://github.com/github/codeql>`__ for all supported languages. This is included as a submodule, so it can be updated without affecting your custom queries.
```

> * The `repository of CodeQL libraries and queries <https://github.com/github/codeql>`__ for C/C++, C#, Go, Java, JavaScript, Python, and Ruby. This is included as a submodule, so it can be updated without affecting your custom queries.

Reviewer: 🤔 
```suggestion
* The `repository of CodeQL libraries and queries <https://github.com/github/codeql>`__ all supported languages. This is included as a submodule, so it can be updated without affecting your custom queries.
```
